Richard: Louy have man goes las one take of him as love you.
Guard: Accepter everything that you said.
Guard: Family’s luggage and put it on the plain.
Guard: Yes, sir.
Guard: This way.
Richard: If you don’t mind you fill out on the names, I don’t mind every more official.
Guard: You think everything, don’t you?
Richard: And the name is mister and misses Victor Laslo.
Lady: But, Why my name, Richard?
Richard: Cause You will get in on at that plane.
Lady: I don’t understand, what about you?
Richard: I am staying here with him blow planing get stay here for away.
Lady: No, Richard, no. What happens to you, last night
Richard: Last night we said great many things.
Richard: You said that I used to do for both of us. I’ve done a lot of things. Except one thing. You will get on that plain with Victor where you belong.
Lady: No, Richard no.
Richard: You got to listen to me.
Richard: You have no idea which what look for you to stay here. Nine chances of ten we both know the concentration campus. Is that true, Loui?
Guard: I am afraid only one insist.
Lady: You are saying to me to go.
Richard: I am saying because this is true.
Richard: Inside we both know you belong to Victor. Keeps is going. And that plain hit the ground you not. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow. But soon for the rest of your life.
Lady: What about us?
Richard: We always have Paris.
Richard: We didn’t have it.  always
Casa Blanca. We got it back last night.
Lady: I would said that I will never leave you.
Richard: And you will never will.
Richard: But, I’ve got a job to do too. Where I am going you can’t follow. What I have to do you  People In this crazy world.
Richard: Someday you will understand that. I don’t know. He is looking at you, kid.